Who We Are 

At 8th Light, we bring life to the best ideas.

Founded in 2006 and headquartered in Chicago, we are a technology solutions provider that partners with organizations to solve meaningful challenges and drive sustainable growth. From early-stage startups to global enterprises, we work across industries to optimize our clients’ digital products through product strategy innovation, experiential design, AI solutions, and deep engineering expertise. 

Our commitment to quality means we deliver solutions we’re truly proud of, while our curiosity sparks innovation and breakthrough thinking. 8th Lights thrive in an environment that champions continuous education, fueling our growth through mentorship and hands-on work. We foster an open, collaborative culture grounded in honesty that builds trust, and believe true success is measured by the outcomes we create for our clients.

If this kind of work and our kind of people energizes you, you’ve found the right place. 
Who You Are

You’ve shown long-term repeated success on a variety of projects, typically over the course of 10+ years. You can be the go-to leader for any software development engagement. You have a broad and deep range of expertise that allows you to make an immediate impact on projects. In your previous experience, you have:

    Successfully led high-stakes consulting engagements from discovery to production 
    Built high-quality, maintainable software collaboratively, incrementally, and through an approach tailored towards the unique needs of the clients you’ve served 
    Written production-quality code in the following languages: Python, Java, Javascript, and React
    Leveraged AI-assistive development tools for tasks like scaffolding, refactoring, debugging, test generation, and documentation
    Experience building or integrating AI/ML-powered features into products or systems (e.g., recommendation engines, NLP models, computer vision, predictive analytics) 
    Used context-appropriate automated testing to inform software design choices and catch bugs
    Debugged and refactored pre-existing code to incrementally improve it
    Collaborated with teams using Git, MacOS/Linux, and CI/CD
    Remedied architecture-level concerns such as scalability, security, reliability, and performance
    Brought together people from different functions and perspectives in forums that encourage idea sharing, collaboration, and problem solving
    Made thoughtful recommendations and set direction in the face of ambiguity
    Mentored and shared knowledge with colleagues
    Actively sought out and effectively given feedback
    Communicated empathically with stakeholders and colleagues
    Collaboratively led stakeholders to balance technical considerations with product and user needs

What You’ll Do At 8th Light

As a lead technologist on projects, you’ll work with a variety of clients, typically one to two in a year, through a variety of technologies and frameworks over the course of your career with us. You’ll lead more complicated projects, leading teams to do so. You’ll work with colleagues who share your passion for technology solutions. You’ll invest time developing your skills and sharing what you know. You’ll be responsible for:

    Making immediate contributions to projects, rapidly building trust with clients
    Working pragmatically to balance technology choices while delivering high-quality work within deadlines
    Leading architecture and software design discussions
    Collaborating on systems that involve the full ML lifecycle from data ingestion and preprocessing, to model deployment, integration, and performance monitoring
    Generating new potential solutions to challenges (technical and non-technical) in partnership with team members and clients
    Leading or initiating formal feedback conversations with teams and clients via retrospectives
    Clearly articulating and documenting outcomes and driving forward action items
    Contributing to the health of your team and 8th Light’s culture by modeling our Values
    Ensuring your team has a healthy, prioritized, estimated backlog
    Managing high-level project roadmaps as the team lead for large engagements
    Maintaining relationships with client technical leaders
    Regular syncs with the client to provide status updates, and for identifying and evaluating risks and presenting potential solutions
    Identifying, mitigating, and resolving blockers to team progress
    Contributing to 8th Light by serving as a mentor, leading or designing workshops internally or for clients, representing 8th Light in the tech community, or supporting our hiring processes

Strongly Preferred Skills

We work across many areas, and encourage anyone with the experience listed above to apply. We would particularly like to encourage applicants with experience in the following areas:

    DevSecOps & DevOps
    MLOps
    Infrastructure as Code
    Data Engineering

Building a truly diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace is an ongoing journey, and we’re excited to keep learning and growing together. We have a proud tradition of hiring talented colleagues with real-world career experiences. 
How You’ll be Supported

At 8th Light, we believe our people are our greatest asset. Their growth, well-being, and success shape our future. 

Our wellness package is designed with the Whole YOU in mind and includes:

    A robust L&D program with a learning budget and in-person learning opportunities
    Coworking support for our global team
    Flexible PTO 
    Wellness days
    12 weeks of new parent leave available for eligible employees
    Transparent semi-annual promotion panel

See our full list of Benefits. 
