At Amplio, we’re making manufacturing more competitive and sustainable. Our clients leverage Amplio’s AI-powered platform to resell their surplus and used equipment, providing it with a second life and preventing it from ending up in landfills. Founded by repeat founders, we are backed by leading VC firms and recently closed a Series A.

We are seeking a talented Full-Stack Engineer to join our founding engineering team. As an early-hire engineer, you will work closely with the founding team to build high-quality software and pioneer our AI-driven initiatives to empower the 700B circular economy.

Why is this position exciting?

This position will have the potential to:

    Make a direct material impact in the success of the company.
    Own your work, move fast, and break things in a fun, sharp, and collaborative environment.
    Experiment, learn, and build best practices on how to leverage genAI

Requirements
Key Responsibilities

    Build software!
        Develop, maintain, and enhance customer-facing web applications using TypeScript, React, and Next.js in collaboration with designers.
        Develop and maintain backend services, APIs, and systems to support application features using SQL and best practices in data modeling.
        Contribute to infrastructure setup, monitoring, and maintenance (e.g., CI/CD pipelines, containerization, telemetry, and cloud deployments).
    Data Pipelines & genAI Experimentation
        Design and develop scalable data pipelines, ensuring data is captured, processed, and stored efficiently for AI experiments.
        Implement data ingestion, validation, transformation, and feature extraction pipelines to support machine learning model development.
        Design agent networks to automate human tasks

Qualifications

    This job is for you:
        At least 5 years of professional experience in full-stack development.
        Proficiency with TypeScript, React, Next.js, and SQL for building scalable web applications, back to front.
        Advanced understanding of data engineering concepts and willingness to learn more
        Willingness to learn more about how to integrate genAI into your worklfow
        You’re self-motivated, comfortable with ambiguity, a great problem solver, and a excellent communicator
        You welcome feedback and you’re able to express it constructively
        You don’t take yourself too seriously and enjoy a light-hearted and emotionally mature work environment
    This job isn’t for you if:
        You haven’t owned anything from concept to creating value for users
        You’re not interested in the discovery process and you just want to grab tickets and code
        Job safety and work-life balance are the only criteria that drive your career decisions
        You don’t see much value in in-person collaboration

