Cribl does differently.

What does that mean? It means we are a serious company that doesn’t take itself too seriously; and we’re looking for people who love to get stuff done, and laugh a bit along the way. We’re growing rapidly - looking for collaborative, curious, and motivated team members who are passionate about putting customers first. As a remote-first company we believe in empowering our employees to do their best work, wherever they are.

As the data engine for IT and Security many of the biggest names in the most demanding industries trust Cribl to solve their most pressing data needs. Ready to do the best work of your career? Join the herd and unlock your opportunity.

Why You'll Love This Role

Platform Engineering at Cribl is responsible for creating and maintaining the foundational software infrastructure that supports our entire ecosystem of products. This includes designing scalable systems, shared services, developer tools, and core components that other product teams rely on to build customer-facing features quickly and reliably.

We are currently seeking a Sr Staff Software Engineer for our Core Platform team. You will work closely with an existing team of engineers and product managers to help identify, design, develop, and deliver products that delight our customers. Additionally, you will be empowered to influence our internal tools, technologies, and processes as we continue to grow. This role is equal parts research and development. If you enjoy the challenges of building scalable, robust, and high performing distributed systems which process large data sets in real time, this position may be right for you.

As An Active Member Of This Team, You Will...

    Provide technical direction for products, projects, and features with emphasis on back end systems and APIs responsible for ingesting, processing, and routing data
    Contribute to architecture discussions and design reviews with others on your team 
    Partner with a cross functional team of engineers, designers, and product managers to translate feature specifications into product designs and implementable code
    Design, develop, test, and maintain clear, concise, and robust code that produces the desired outcomes for our customers 
    Ensure product features are working as expected by creating robust test plans paired with comprehensive automated tests
    Mentor and coach junior engineers on the design and implementation of their code
    Evangelize our innovation and engage our users by contributing to internal and external blogs related to the products that you help develop
    This position will require stand-by, on-call, or off-hours duties


If You've got it - We Want it

    Demonstrated experience building products that leverage large scale data sets (Node.js/Typescript/React) 
    Enjoy learning new technologies and ability to develop prototypes quickly
    Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and distributed systems
    Experience with using and developing REST APIs
    Experience with Agile processes and rapid iterative development
    Strong sense of ownership with focus on high quality and high performing deliverable
    Experience developing services for cloud based platforms
