Flex is looking for a Senior Software Engineer who will be responsible for implementing the various backend systems that support all business features.

In this role, you will be part of the backend engineer team, responsible for the services and integrations that power our products, such as Payment, Billing, Identity, partner integration, etc. You’ll be designing, developing, testing, and scaling systems needed to deliver great user and partner experiences.

You’ll work closely with your product, design and engineering peers to solve our users' most pressing problems around rent payment. You’ll roll out changes to our customers in an agile manner with a delivery cadence that favors small, frequent iterations. The ideal candidate will be comfortable leading scoping, design and implementation for APIs they build and can drive their production rollouts to completion with minimum oversight.

A minimum of 4 years of experience with Java is required for this position.

Minimum Qualifications:

    You have strong computer science fundamentals
    You have experience to translate the feature requirements into technical specifications.
    You have experience leveling up the entire team’s bar by introducing best practices, mentoring junior people, etc.
    You have experience with the Java frameworks and tools we use at Flex such as Spring (core/web/boot), Gradle and JUnit
    You have experience implementing and operating services in distributed services environments at scale
    You have experience with observability and monitoring tools such as DataDog for maintaining high availability
    You write high quality code that is testable, maintainable, scalable and secure
    You have a good understanding of REST and mobile API best practices
    You have great communication skills and are comfortable working with a distributed team

Core Competencies:

    Prior experience working on cross-functional teams
    Experience with leading the project in its entire lifecycle, from requirements gathering to delivery.
    Proficient with Java and Spring (Bonus: AWS, Containers, Kubernetes, MySql)
    Experience with CI/CD to improve code stability and code quality
