You will work closely with business stakeholders and product leads to bring predictive decisioning and AI-native systems to life - having a meaningful impact to our business. 

Your Day-to-Day

    Own and evolve core back-end systems including:
        Lead Management Platform – intelligent routing, partner integrations, and auction systems.
        Ad Targeting Systems – real-time pipelines that power data syncing with platforms like Google, enable intelligent ad targeting, and drive performance optimization at scale.
    Design and implement scalable services using Elixir Phoenix LiveView, SQL, and AWS.
    Partner with Data Science, Product, and Business stakeholders to integrate predictive models into system logic.
    Champion engineering best practices around testing, code quality, documentation, and security.
    Bring an “AI Superuser” mindset - leveraging and championing tools that improve velocity and insight.
    Help drive clarity and critical thinking on tech strategy to meet business goals. 

About You

    5+ years of experience as a full stack engineer , with a strong track record of owning and shipping production systems.
    3+ years of hands-on experience with Elixir Phoenix LiveView in production systems.
    Strong SQL skills and experience with PostgreSQL in high-volume environments.
    Experience deploying systems in the cloud, preferably AWS.
    Full stack experience, with strength in back-end systems and strong working knowledge of data pipelines.
    Strong problem solver and critical thinking mindset.
    Effective communicator - able to collaborate closely with business stakeholders and translate engineering concepts.
    Bonus if you have experience with JavaScript and Python.
    Comfortable working in a fast-paced, high-accountability environment.
    You love autonomy, take pride in quality, and are always looking for leverage through automation or AI.
    Alignment with our core values: Grow Without Limits, Get After It, Act With Focus, and Build The Team.

While we’re looking for some specific experiences and skillsets, nothing is more important than a strong can-do attitude, resilience in the face of change and uncertainty, and a passion for learning and creating.
