We’re jumpapp.com! AI For Financial Advisors

If you know Elixir (or would be excited to learn it!) and the following sounds fun to you, please come help us build an awesome product & company!

We have an efficient hiring process that takes about a couple of weeks from when you apply to when you receive an offer!

Here’s all the stuff engineers want to know:

    All Elixir/Phoenix/LiveView with relatively few dependencies

    About 30 integrations with a consistent client interface, all based on Tesla (Finch adapter)

    Consistent patterns across the codebase

    The latest LiveView and LiveView features

    Tailwind for styling, default esbuild for js

    Distributed elixir with libcluster (k8s adapter)

    Liveview tests, wallaby for e2e tests when js is involved

    A super powerful and interconnected admin interface so it’s very easy to debug problems and collaborate

    Great logging and observability with GCP logging, appsignal, Prometheus, grafana, etc

    Github (rebase merge and squash)

    One review is required to merge

    The author has complete responsibility and authority of their code. No gatekeeping. Requires being a good citizen

    We move extremely fast. Many bug fixes and small features every day. A big feature typically started and shipped in a few days.

    Automatic staging environments for every PR

    Seeking founder-minded devs who are self-driven and want to come in, understand the business and customers and take initiative to do the right things

    Hammox for testing. Only a few mocks for the very boundaries of the app (MockHTTP, MockTime, etc)

    We do a ton of cutting-edge stuff with LLMs (OpenAI and Anthropic) and have a robust framework for routing prompts to different models and testing new prompts/models. We use prompt caching, JSON mode, function calling, assistants, etc

    Host our own embeddings with pgvector

    We do some Rust/Rustler stuff, C/NIF stuff

    We use the adapter pattern a lot. It’s really easy to add new integrations.

    Absinthe for GraphQL (for mobile apps)

    All infrastructure is in terraform. Everything. Github, cloudflare, etc. If there’s a provider we use it.

    We’re hosted on GCP, k8s on GKE, all configured in Terraform. No YML.

    Postgres 15 on Cloud SQL. One read replica but we can add more easily.

    SOC 2 with Vanta

    We’re a small and efficient dev team

    We’re growing gangbusters. All revenue-backed, super low churn.

    Raised a $4.6M seed a few months ago

    Health/Dental/Vision insurance

    401k (no match right now)

    Take the time you need PTO (4 weeks-ish, but we don’t keep track)

    $150k-$260k depending on experience

    Based in SLC, Utah

    Fully remote OK. We’d like it if you’d fly in occasionally to get to know you.


