At River we are building the most trusted and honest financial institution in the world, powered by bitcoin. We believe in a future where every person will have bitcoin savings, and every business will have bitcoin on the balance sheet. We obsessively design and build delightful products that help our clients buy, sell, secure, and use Bitcoin.

We are looking for a Staff level candidate who is comfortable across the entire web stack and has experience building and maintaining production systems at scale. This person will be a leader on our engineering team, setting a high bar for quality and acting as a mentor to others. Our web stack consists primarily of Elixir (Phoenix and LiveView) with Postgres for data storage.

River is headquartered in Columbus, OH, and has raised more than $50 million from leading investors, including; Goldcrest, Kingsway, Polychain, M13, DG, and Valor.

What You Will Be Doing

    Architect and develop new features and products in the Elixir codebase powering our web applications and API
    Work closely with product management to plan and scope new projects and initiatives
    Present innovative solutions to senior leadership, aligning engineering initiatives with company goals.
    Lead and architect technical solutions for highly complex abstract projects, ensuring scalability, performance, and maintainability.
    Write high-quality, tested code
    Participate in code-reviews
    Act as a key influencer in the team’s success, providing mentorship and fostering a culture of excellence. 
    Proactively identify and eliminate technical roadblocks.

What We Look For In You

    6+ years of experience in software engineering
    You have designed, built and maintained production services at scale and understand how to build reliable systems
    You write high-quality, reliable code and take ownership of systems you work on
    You have experience developing solutions to ambiguous problems
    You're excited about what we are building at River
    You have a solid understanding of web security fundamentals
    You have a desire to mentor and lift up other members of your team

Nice to haves

    Fintech experience
    You have worked with Elixir, Kubernetes, Postgres
    You have worked at a rapidly scaling company
    Interest in Bitcoin

Location & Salary

    100% remote option available within the Americas and Europe, with offices in SF, NYC, and Columbus 
    Salary range between $200,000 - $250,000 based on skills and experience (Note: this salary will not be location adjusted, the salary range is the same globally.)
    Significant equity stock options
    Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits 
    Unlimited PTO 
    Parental Leave separate from regular PTO policy
    401k

