SailPoint provides third-party identity risk solutions that are easy to use, and purpose built to help organizations execute risk-based identity access and lifecycle strategies for non-employee populations. We are tackling identity security threats for customers in health care, financial services, transportation, insurance, and more through our Non-employee Risk Management product. SailPoint’s solution provides an efficient, flexible, and secure identity solution to help companies manage non-employees and their relationships within those organizations.

We are looking for a Senior Developer to assist in the development and implementation of features and fixes within Non-employee Risk Management. The ideal candidate is a creative-problem solver with a passion for clean well-organized code and user-driven applications.

Responsibilities:

    Write code that is clear, well tested, optimized, and thoroughly documented

    Collaborate with other members of the team through pair programming and code reviews

    Maintain a high level of engagement with product management in agile meetings and processes

    Participate in benchmark and performance tuning efforts

    Learn and be a champion for industry standard best practices

    Delivery of commitments on time that meet product and engineering requirements

Requirements:

    5+ years experience with Go and Angular, or combination of Go/Angular and other languages

    Demonstrable experience writing or refactoring code to be scalable and performant

    Ability to work independently on any task

    Proficient with relational databases like MySQL

    Familiarity with containerization (Docker)

    Passion for writing simple, clean, and efficient code

    Unwavering commitment to unit/functional/integration testing to ensure maintainable, high-quality software.

    Ability to document and demonstrate solutions by using flowcharts, diagrams, and whiteboarding

Bonus skills:

    5+ years experience with the Ruby on Rails framework and ReactJS

    MongoDB experience

    OAuth, SAML, OIDC

    Familiarity with scrum and agile methodologies

    Experience with AWS, specifically: EC2, ECR, S3, Fargate, RDS

    Internationalization

Education (preferred, not required):

    BS in Computer Science/Software Engineering, or equivalent work experience

Learn more about NERM here. 

What success looks like in the role 

Within the first 30 days you will: 

    Complete onboarding with HR 

    Get their environment set up 

    Take on some tickets, bugs. Resolving some tech debt or bugs form backlog to start; something that doesn’t require a lot of subject matter expertise. 

    Take on 3 story points 

    All work committed has tests 

    Complete the NERM-specific courses 

    New hire maintains availability during core business hours and effectively communicates issues ahead of time. 

60 days:  

    Taking on more tickets and bugs. Ticket resolution. 

    Collaborating with team by giving and receiving feedback 

    Comfortable raising question to the team 

    6 story points and velocity – (for reference, 8 or 9 story points per sprint for a fully onboarded person) 

    Making sure they truly understand the requirements and the bugs 

By 90 days:  

    Participate in the on-call rotation 

    Taking 8-9 story points 

    Participating in technical design and grooming sessions with the team 

    Do a technical design if the opportunity is available 

    Give a presentation on something they don’t like about the system or an area that has room for improvement 

By 6 months: 

    Taking 8-9 story points 

    Mentoring if the opportunity is available 

    Know how system works and be able to set up workflows 

    Collaborate on any part of the product independently. Measure this by checking on how much they are reaching out to their buddy to help guide them 

    Measure differences between commitments and actual delivery. New hire should deliver commitments 90% of the time 

 By 1 year: 

    Trust them to be part of the interview panel for new roles 

    Participate in owning tech design document if the opportunity is available 


