Scribe is where exceptional people come to do the best work of their careers. More than 94% of the Fortune 500 use Scribe to document and scale how work gets done. We’re growing fast — since our founding in 2019, we’ve grown to over 4 million users across 600,000 businesses. Based in San Francisco, we've raised $55M in funding from top-tier investors and are honored to have been named as a Forbes Next Billion Dollar Startup and LinkedIn Top Startup. Join us in our mission to uplevel how people do work.

How We Work

We are builders aspiring to master our crafts. We care deeply about our teammates and want to win, together. We embrace the following values:

    Accelerate impact
    Raise the bar
    Make our users heroes
    Clear is kind
    Rapid learning machine
    One team one dream

About This Role

We are looking for a backend developer who loves building application code and scalable distributed systems. We need someone to help us design large-scale data ingestion and processing systems alongside our custom AI models.

Tech Stack

Languages: Python, Typescript, Go

Infra: Postgres, Celery Tasks & Celery Schedules

Platform: AWS

You can expect to

    Create cutting edge services for data ingestion and AI inference with our in-house models
    Write and scale application code
    Optimize business-critical endpoint performance
    Deploy, manage and scale distributed systems with background jobs and queueing

You could be a great fit if

    You have 8+ years writing backend apps with Typescript, Python, or Go
    You have strong experience with message queues and task systems using Celery Tasks & Schedules (or similar: AWS SQS, Rabbit MQ, Kafka, etc.)
    You’ve built large-scale data ingestion systems
    You’ve built and deployed micro-services
    You can write Python
    You know how to optimize endpoint performance and DB queries

Bonus

    You have Django experience
    Startup experience (not required, but we build and move fast!)

Full-Time US Employee Benefits Include

    Some of the nicest and smartest teammates you’ll ever work with
    Competitive salaries
    Comprehensive healthcare benefits
    Exciting and motivating equity
    Flexible PTO
    401k
    Parental Leave
    Commuter Benefits (SF office employees)
    WFH Stipend

