We are currently partnered with a hypergrowth startup who build AI that revolutionizes the process of Edge Hardware Development. They are seeking an experienced software engineer to spearhead the development of cutting-edge AI-driven code generation & transpilation tools. This role focuses on bridging the gap between algorithm design and deployment on embedded systems by leveraging Generative AI, Static Analysis, and Formal Verification techniques.


As a Principal Engineer, you will be defining software architecture from Agentic AI pipelines in C++ and Python for code translation products, integrating state-of-the-art AI models with incorporate formal verification & static analysis methods into the code gen pipeline, support w. code repo's and CI processes. 


Key Responsibilities:


    Design and implement AI-driven code translation pipelines, integrating state machines, message queues, and distributed processing.
    Develop scalable, well-structured software for robust and extensible code generation solutions.
    Deploy and manage containerized applications using Docker.
    Collaborate with domain experts to incorporate formal verification and static analysis into the pipeline.
    Ensure system reliability by leveraging cloud-based distributed architectures.


Required Skills & Experience:


    7+ years of professional experience in C++ based enterprise software development.
    Worked on enterprise level software in production
    Proven ability to design and implement large-scale software systems from concept to deployment.
    Strong background in software best practices, including testing, CI/CD, and release management.
    Proven experience translating customer requirements into architecture and insights


Preferred Qualifications:


    Experience with Compiler development - experience with Clang, LLVM
     Experience with advanced software verification techniques like fuzzing and/or formal verification
    Python experience (Nice to have)
    Experience with ML Tools and Frameworks
    Experience working with embedded, heterogeneous (FPGA and/or GPU), and/or distributed system


This is an opportunity to work at the forefront of AI-powered software development, contributing to groundbreaking technology that transforms how code is generated and deployed. You will be leading key projects and will report directly to the SVP Engineering & Product.


Please apply ASAP for more info.
