Thoughtful is pioneering a new approach to automation for all healthcare providers! Our AI-powered Revenue Cycle Automation platform enables the healthcare industry to automate and improve its core business operations.

We're looking for an Exceptional Platform Engineer for our Core Platform Engineering team.

As a key member of our platform engineering team, you will be instrumental in shaping our end-to-end platform, including our customer-facing web application, backend infrastructure, and developer suite. These products enable a community of developers across the globe to build tailored solutions for unique customer use cases, contributing to a rich ecosystem of automation modules.

Learn more about our Warrior culture. Join us to transform how leading healthcare companies operate.

Your Role:

    Lead: Plan and execute projects and initiatives involving multiple stakeholders and complex requirements, applying strategic prioritization.
    Craft: Consistently deliver code that sets the standard for quality and maintainability. Maintain awareness of industry trends and tools.
    Empower: Equip team members with DevEx tools and processes to resolve challenges independently.
    Mentor: Offer consistent, high-level guidance to engineers across all levels, sharing expertise in software engineering best practices.

Your Qualifications:

    Bachelor’s or Master’s in Computer Science/Engineering or a related field.
    Over 10 years of relevant technical experience.
    Proven track record in building and supporting production-grade applications, ideally with expertise in JavaScript, TypeScript, Node.js, Python, Go, or similar.
    Experience operating on modern cloud infrastructure stacks, preferably on AWS using IaC.
    Experience in Agile product development processes (SCRUM, Kanban, Lean Startup, etc.)
    Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to articulate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.

What Sets You Apart:

    Ability to navigate ambiguity & challenges with composure
    Reliability and a strong sense of ownership
    Insatiable curiosity and a passion for learning
    Responsive to feedback, turning it into action
    Autonomous work style, while being great at collaboration
    A natural mentor, uplifting and empowering your team

 

Why Thoughtful?

    Competitive compensation
    Equity participation: Employee Stock Options.
    Health benefits: Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance.
    Time off: Generous leave policies and paid company holidays.

Required Technical Exercise - submissions without this component will not be considered.
