 About the job

Who We Are

The Consumer Access team at Toast is all about creating exceptional consumer experiences for restaurants and their guests. We’re product-obsessed, focused on innovation, and committed to building scalable, reliable solutions that are used by millions of restaurant-goers every day. If you’re ready to make an impact on a massive scale, this is the place for you.

Bready* to make a change?

Toast is looking for a Staff Backend Software Engineer to take responsibility for building new, innovative solutions to expand how Guests interact and pay digitally with restaurants. As well as providing a cutting edge point of sale system for restaurants, Toast processes billions of dollars of payments through consumer experiences. We need your help to improve our platform and add the next generation of digital restaurant payment experiences both inside and outside of restaurants. As a member of the Toast Consumer Access team, you’ll get to play a key role in shaping and guiding the team that’s focused on building a consumer offer experience.

About this roll* (Responsibilities)

In this role, you'll get to work on a wide variety of projects, using your technical chops to influence not just the code, but also product and business strategies. This is a golden opportunity for a hands-on, entrepreneurial engineer who thrives in a modern tech stack environment and loves solving real-world problems through technology. You’ll run experiments, iterate quickly, and have a strong voice in shaping the future of online ordering here at Toast. Here’s what you’ll be doing:

    Work with fellow engineers, product managers, designers, and user researchers to build amazing features with a goal of increasing our consumer footprint at Toast
    Flex your backend muscles with challenging end-to-end tasks in a supportive, collaborative team environment
    Ship code that has a massive impact on the growth and strategy of Toast
    Experiment directly with Guests and Restaurants to test new dining experiences
    Champion best practices for development, deployment and quality life-cycles

Do you have the right ingredients*? (Requirements)

    8+ years experience working in a microservice architecture with either Java/Kotlin
    You can excel working in a full-stack team
    Track record of delivering high impact features and leading projects
    You know how to monitor, troubleshoot, and improve system performance through logging and metrics
    You’re hungry to learn more and willing to take on challenging projects if it means you’ll be a better engineer at the end
    Passionate about writing testable code, with experience in API design and unit/integration testing
    Thrive in a collaborative, team-environment where you ship features together
    Passionate about making users happy and seeing people use your product in the wild
    Embrace the agile mindset—ship quickly, iterate, and refine

The base salary range for this role is listed below. The starting salary will be determined based on skills and experience. In addition to base salary, our total rewards components include cash compensation (overtime, bonus/commissions, if eligible), benefits, and equity (if eligible).

Pay Range

$155,000—$248,000 USD

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion is Baked into our Recipe for Success

At Toast, our employees are our secret ingredient—when they thrive, we thrive. The restaurant industry is one of the most diverse, and we embrace that diversity with authenticity, inclusivity, respect, and humility. By embedding these principles into our culture and design, we create equitable opportunities for all and raise the bar in delivering exceptional experiences.

We Thrive Together

We embrace a hybrid work model that fosters in-person collaboration while valuing individual needs. Our goal is to build a strong culture of connection as we work together to empower the restaurant community. To learn more about how we work globally and regionally, check out: https://careers.toasttab.com/locations-toast.

Apply today!

Toast is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive hiring process. As part of this commitment, we strive to provide reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities to enable them to access the hiring process. If you need an accommodation to access the job application or interview process, please contact candidateaccommodations@toasttab.com.

