As part of Tucows (NASDAQ:TCX, TSX:TC)—one of the world’s largest Internet services companies—Wavelo is backed by outstanding resources and talent. We embrace a people-first philosophy that is rooted in respect, trust, and flexibility. We believe that whatever works for our employees is what works best for us. It’s also why the majority of our roles are remote-first, meaning you can work from anywhere you can connect to the Internet!

The work we do genuinely changes lives. If this sounds exciting, we’d love to hear from you!

About The Opportunity

As a Principal Development Engineer, you will be responsible for leading the design, development, and maintenance of our software products. You’ll collaborate closely with peers and cross-functional teams to understand customer requirements and translate them into functional, scalable solutions. This role includes coaching junior engineers and driving technical excellence across the team.

This is a remote opportunity for applicants based in Canada or the US.

Job Duties

    Lead the design, development, and maintenance of software applications and systems 
    Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and analyze requirements 
    Write clean, maintainable, and efficient code 
    Troubleshoot and debug complex software issues 
    Lead code reviews to ensure high-quality code standards 
    Maintain and update technical documentation 
    Stay current with emerging trends and technologies in software development 
    Frequently coach and mentor junior software engineers 
    Influence decisions across your domain, with potential to impact the broader department 


Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities

    Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent work experience 
    8+ years of experience in software engineering 
    Strong knowledge of designing, developing, and maintaining complex, highly available systems 
    Proven ability to lead and implement solutions for complex, ambiguous challenges 
    Proficiency in Python and Go, including use of common design patterns 
    Experience with event-driven architecture 
    Effective communicator with the ability to collaborate across teams and disciplines 
    Frequent experience coaching and mentoring peers 
    Ability to set and guide technical direction for a team 
    Capable of working independently with minimal supervision 
    Familiarity with Continuous Integration (CI) concepts and tools 
    Demonstrated experience mentoring junior developers 


Nice to Have

    Experience with Temporal 
    Experience with Go is strongly preferred. Python experience is also a strong asset 
    Familiarity with React or Vue.js (especially Next.js / Nuxt.js) 
    Knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes 
    Experience working in an Agile environment 
    Exposure to multiple programming languages 
    Experience with reactive programming 


Qualifications

    Bachelor's, Master’s, or PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field 
    Approximately 8–10 years of experience in software engineering 


The base salary range for this position is $180,200 - $200,200 USD for US residents OR $161,000 - $178,900 CAD for Canadian residents. Other countries will differ. Range may vary on a number of factors including, but not limited to: location, experience and qualifications. Tucows believes in a total rewards offering that includes fair compensation and generous benefits. Learn more about Tucows Benefits.
