The Delivery and Integration team is a group within the Central Tech Platforms team responsible for improving how we build, deploy, and integrate our software and services. We're looking for experienced engineers to help develop and evolve key platforms for Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD), release automation, and Artifact Storage. Our primary objective is to provide reliable, efficient tools and standardized processes that enable our engineering teams to deliver value faster and more consistently. The ideal candidate has worked in AWS or GCP and is comfortable leveraging many of those cloud services. In this role, you'll work as a critical member of the Delivery and Integration team by bringing their skills to help accelerate the engineering output of all Yahoo business units.  The Yahoo developer tools are undergoing an evolution and you will be part of the team that drives that impact for the business.  

Responsibilities:

    Work collaboratively with engineers across the team and organization

    Build on existing and create new standards that leverage the public cloud and kubernetes ecosystems

    Enhance Developer Productivity platforms and services, both in cloud and in the datacenter

    Be curious and inquisitive about finding the right solutions to problems

    Enhance standards and “paved roads” to the benefit of all engineering at Yahoo

Required Skills:

    Great teamwork and communication skills

    4+ years experience working with AWS and/or GCP services and APIs

    Experience building and deploying large-scale systems

    Proficient in managing the Kubernetes cluster lifecycle

    Experience in deploying and managing applications in Kubernetes

    Experienced in writing Terraform

    Experience with end-to-end automation and CI/CD workflows

    Excellent troubleshooting skills

    Proficient in coding in their favorite language (Go, Python, Ruby, Java)

    Experienced in training others

    Someone who is always looking to evolve their skill set and stay current with technology trends

    Bonus points for Serverless cloud platform experience

The material job duties and responsibilities of this role include those listed above as well as adhering to Yahoo policies; exercising sound judgment; working effectively, safely and inclusively with others; exhibiting trustworthiness and meeting expectations; and safeguarding business operations and brand integrity.

At Yahoo, we offer flexible hybrid work options that our employees love! While most roles don’t require regular office attendance, you may occasionally be asked to attend in-person events or team sessions. You’ll always get notice to make arrangements. Your recruiter will let you know if a specific job requires regular attendance at a Yahoo office or facility. If you have any questions about how this applies to the role, just ask the recruiter!
